Terms of Use

Definitions
In this context –

“company” shall mean The Malta Independent and/or its affiliates;
“user” shall mean any person who accesses the TMI website, irrespective of the manner of access and includes users who register an account with TMI website;
“TMI website” shall mean the digital information network operated by or on behalf of the company, irrespective of the manner of access.
Terms & Conditions of Use
By accessing TMI website, users agree to adhere to the following terms and conditions –

1.  Registration
By creating an account on TMI website and registering your details with the company, users agree that they are responsible to – 

a)  maintain the confidentiality of passwords and/or other account identifiers;

b)  maintain the security and control of the account;

c)  ensure that users do not use registered account/s in any manner contrary to law or to these terms and conditions.

The company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or terminate any registration of an account/s immediately and without prior notice.

2.  TMI website content
Except for user content and third party advertisements, the company is the sole owner of any and all content on TMI website, including but not limited to all applicable intellectual property rights, text, images, audio, video and all other material.

Users accept that use of TMI website content may be made only for personal and non-commercial purposes and so long as you include sufficient attribution of any such content. Any other use is strictly prohibited, unless otherwise previously autorised in writing by the company.

3.  Liability
Users accept that to the extent allowed by law, the company shall not be responsible for user content and third party advertisements contained on TMI website.

4.  User content
Users may be permitted to submit content of their own creation for publication on TMI website at the company’s discretion. 

The company reserves the right to amend or remove any and all user content at its discretion and without prior notice. 

Any and all intellectual property rights and/or any other rights emanating from such user content shall pertain to users, subject to the limitation that by submitting any such content for publication on TMI website, users acknowledge that they are granting to the company an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and perpetual licence to use such user content.

Users accept that when they post and/or access user content on TMI website, they do so at your own discretion and risk.

Users warrant that user content posted by them does not infringe applicable laws and/or regulations, including but not limited to intellectual property rights, defamation and criminal law.

Any views and/or comments expressed through user content do not reflect the views of the company.

5.  Data protection
The company is committed to the highest standards in the processing of personal data and shall process users’ personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679), any national implementing legislation and any other applicable laws and/or regulations enforceable from time to time. Users are invited to read our Privacy Policy.

6.  Applicable law
This agreement is governed by Maltese law. In the case of a dispute, the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Maltese courts.

7.  Indemnification
Users shall keep the company indemnified from and against all proceedings, claims, deamnds, damages, fines, costs, expenses and/or charges taken, made or awarded against the company and/or its employees or agents out or in connection with any user content or third party advertisements including actual, alleged or inadvertent defamation, misdescription, false trade description of goods and services offered, error or omission or infringement of intellectual property rights and/or privilege.


These terms and conditions were last updated on the 25 May 2018.