
terms and conditions

Updated 21 May 2012

Copyright in maltatoday.com.mt, including but not limited to text, photographs, graphics, audio visuals and software, is owned by or licensed to the publishers, Mediatoday Company Limited. All rights are hereby reserved by Mediatoday Company Ltd. Users may access content in maltatoday.com.mt solely for their own personal, non-commercial use. Users may not otherwise copy in any medium without the prior express written permission of the Webmaster [contact at maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt].

User terms and conditions

MediaToday Co Ltd welcomes you to maltatoday.com.mt. These terms and conditions apply whenever you access the network, on whatever device. In these terms and conditions, when we say maltatoday.com.mt, we mean this network, regardless of how you access it.

By using the network, you are deemed to have accepted these conditions.

Commenting on maltatoday.com.mt requires registration. By completing the initial registration form and by entering your email address and password, you will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. Also, by subscribing to any of our email services, you are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. Please read our privacy policy.

If you have registered with us and subsequently change your details, you should immediately notify us of any changes by emailing the user support team at maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt . Any changes we make to the terms and conditions will be reflected on this page.

1. Registration  When you register, you are registering as a personal user of maltatoday.com.mt. Access to registration areas is via your username and password.

We allow you access to the registration areas of the site on the basis that:

(i) your email address and password are personal to you and may not be used by anyone else to access maltatoday.com.mt

(ii) you will not do anything which would assist anyone who is not a registered user to gain access to any registration area of maltatoday.com.mt

(iii) you do not maliciously create additional registration accounts for the purpose of abusing the functionality of the site, or other users; nor do you seek to pass yourself off as another user

(iv) you comply with these terms and conditions.

If, for any reason, we believe that you have not complied with these requirements, we may, at our discretion, cancel your access to the registration areas of maltatoday.com.mt immediately and without giving you any advance notice.

2. Termination of registration  If we wish to bring the agreement to an end, we will do so by emailing you at the address you have registered stating that the agreement has terminated. The agreement will terminate and your email address and password will become invalid on maltatoday.com.mt immediately.

3. Use of material appearing on maltatoday.com.mt  For the purposes of this agreement, "material" means material including, without limitation, text, video, graphics and sound material, published on the maltatoday.com.mt network.

You may download and print extracts from the material and make copies of these for your own personal and non-commercial use only.

You are not allowed to download or print the material, or extracts from it, in a systematic or regular manner or otherwise so as to create a database in electronic or paper form comprising all or part of the material appearing on maltatoday.com.mt.

You must not reproduce any part of maltatoday.com.mt or the material or transmit it to or store it in any other website or disseminate any part of the material in any other form, unless we have indicated that you may do so.

If you wish to use our content other than as permitted by these Terms of Service, then you need a licence to do so.

We may be prepared to allow you to distribute or reproduce other parts of maltatoday.com.mt or the material in certain circumstances.

Please email us at maltatoday@mediatoday.com.mt  if you wish to apply for permission to do so.

4. Disclaimer of liability  To the extent permitted at law, we do not accept any responsibility for any statement in the material. You must not rely on any statement we have published on maltatoday.com.mt without first taking specialist professional advice. Nothing in the material is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person.

For the avoidance of confusion, we will not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing, reading or listening to the material or any part of it (except for death or personal injury attributable to our negligence and to the extent permitted at law).

You can access other sites via links from maltatoday.com.mt. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.

We give no warranties of any kind concerning maltatoday.com.mt or the material. In particular, we do not warrant that maltatoday.com.mt or any of its contents is virus free. You must take your own precautions in this respect as we accept no responsibility for any infection by virus or other contamination or by anything which has destructive properties.

5. Third party material on maltatoday.com.mt  You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on maltatoday.com.mt. Individual advertisers are solely responsible for the content of advertising material which they submit to us, including ensuring that it complies with relevant legislation. We accept no responsibility for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.

MaltaToday.com.mt may employ the use of third-party enabled media to disseminate URL links for advertisers. We may employ Mediatoday's database of users registered to our SMS service to disseminate news links with an accompanying advert where such reference will be clearly identifable by the use of chevrons (angle brackets) < > at the beginning and end of an ad link; or we may preface an ad link with the word 'ad' or employ an #ad hashtag.

If you want to advertise on maltatoday.com.mt, please email afarrugia@mediatoday.com.mt .

6. Submitting graphical material and photography for publication  When you send a photograph or other graphical material to us you do so in accordance with these Terms of Service.

This means that you hereby agree that you have created the graphical works, or taken the photograph(s) you have sent to us, or you have permission from or are authorised by the owner of the material to send it (them) to us. By submitting the material, you are granting us a non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to publish or republish, or otherwise use any such graphical works or photography in any format, including without limitation in print and electronic formats.

Selected photographs and graphical material will be published at the discretion of the editor and you will not be paid, even if your photograph(s) is (are) published.

We may cut, edit, crop or arrange your photograph(s) or graphic as we think fit to appear on the maltatoday.com.mt web site, and we may remove your photograph(s) or graphics at any time.

Your name will be published alongside your photograph(s) or graphic, but we may edit or delete any comments which you submit along with your photograph(s) or graphic.

IMPORTANT: You or the owner of the photograph(s) still own the copyright in the photograph(s) sent to us and are free to republish the photograph(s) wherever you or the owner wish and in whatever medium you or the owner want.

7. Submitting text for publication on maltatoday.com.mt  Users of our site may submit material for publication in various areas of the site. We accept no liability in respect of any material submitted by users and published by us and we are not responsible for its content and accuracy.

If you want to submit material to us for publication on maltatoday.com.mt, you may do so on the following terms and conditions:

(i) publication of any material you submit to us will be at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to make additions or deletions to the text or graphics prior to publication, or to refuse publication (ii) you grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide licence to republish any material you submit to us in any format, including without limitation print and electronic format.

8. Force majeure  Although we will do our best to provide constant, uninterrupted access to maltatoday.com.mt, we do not guarantee this. We accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.

These terms and conditions are governed by and will be interpreted in accordance with Malta Law.
