 Terms and Conditions

Tista' taqra bil- Malti.

Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)

Last updated: July 20, 2018

Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”, “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the www.newsbook.com.mt website (the “Service”) operated by Beacon Media Group (“us”, “we”, or “our”).

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms.

If you do not wish to be bound by the Terms you should not access or use the Website

Definitions

We/Us/Our shall mean Beacon Media Group, a company within the Archdiocese of Malta.

You/Your/Yourself shall mean the User of the Website.

Use of the Website

Wherever you are asked to provide information in connection with the Website, you agree to provide true and accurate details.

You agree not to:

    impersonate another person or use a false name or a name you are unauthorised to use, or create a false identity or origin or e-mail address or try to mislead us or others as to identity or origin of any communications or to provide inaccurate or unreliable contact details;
    damage, interfere with or disrupt access to the Website or do anything that might impair its functionality;
    deface, alter or interfere with the front end ‘look and feel’ of this website or the underlying software code;
    use the Website in any way to send unsolicited (commercial or otherwise) e-mail (“Spam”) or any material for marketing or publicity purposes, or any similar abuse of either;
    publish, post, distribute, disseminate or otherwise transmit, defamatory offensive, infringing, obscene, indecent or other unlawful or objectionable material or information;
    make available, upload or distribute by any means any material or files that contain any viruses, bugs, corrupt data, trojan horses, worms, or any other harmful software;
    falsify the true ownership of software or other material or information contained in a file made available via the Website;
    obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access, through whatever means, to the Website;
    obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorised access, via whatever means, to any of our networks.

You agree to indemnify Beacon Media Group in respect of any loss that it may suffer as a result, directly or indirectly, of any breach by you of this undertaking.

Cookies

By using Beacon Media Group’s website www.newsbook.com.mt you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Beacon Media Group’s privacy policy. Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting.

Click here to view our Cookies Policy.

Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Beacon Media Group. Beacon Media Group has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Beacon Media Group shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Data Protection

We will comply with applicable data protection legislation in relation to any personal data shared with us under the agreement. The information we obtain through your use of this Web site, is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is specifically incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use. For more detailed information on how we use personal data please read our privacy policy at https://www.newsbook.com.mt/privatezza/?lang=en.

Intellectual Property Rights

The Website, and all the information and graphic representations or images on it (“Content”), are owned by, or licensed to Beacon Media Group. The copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the Content are the sole and exclusive property of Beacon Media Group.

You may view the Website on your computer screen and print its contents on your printer for your personal and non-commercial use only. For the avoidance of doubt, anything printed will form part of the Content.

Without our written consent, you may not use, transfer, copy or reproduce any part of the Content, the Website or its source HTML code in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical or otherwise, except for the sole purpose of viewing its content. This includes electronic reproduction by uploading or downloading.

Termination

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Governing Law

These terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Malta.  By accessing the Sites, you have accepted Maltese law as the law governing the use of the Sites.  The Courts of Malta shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising out of, or in relation to, or in connection with the Sites and these terms and conditions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Reservation of Rights

We reserve the right to remove any information or material on the Website without warning, and without prejudice to any other accrued rights, or make available information or material when required to do so by law or when requested to do so by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations.

We reserve the right at any time and in our sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request.

We also reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days’ notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do no warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

Content Liability

No link(s) may appear on any page or Website or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libellous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

Force Majeure

We shall not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any service which is exclusively provided by the Web site and which is caused by events outside our reasonable control (“Force Majeure Event”). A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.

 

© BEACON MEDIA GROUP