Terms & Conditions

    1. General
        1.1. This website is operated by Allied Newspapers Limited, a company registered in Malta under company number C 308 with a registered office at ‘Times of Malta’, Triq l-Intornjatur, Zone 1, Central Business District, Birkirkara CBD 1050 ("we", "us", "our" or “ANL”).
        1.2. Our terms are designed to provide our members and visitors with a guideline as to how all aspects of our services are accessed and how you can and should interact with our services. These range from user terms to subscription terms. The following terms and conditions apply for timesofmalta.com (the ‘website’), including our mobile applications, Times of Malta Premium and its premium subscription products (the ‘products’).
        1.3. Please note that by using the website and our products, you accept these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms, do not use the website or our products.
        1.4. Agreement with these terms and conditions, includes are also agreement to our Privacy Policy, Subscription Terms and comments policy.
    Copyright
        2.1. Our content, trade-marks, copyright, patents, logos, domain names and other related intellectual property rights or other features of our brand belong to us or to our licensors. Your use of our services does not grant you any rights in our and/or our licensors intellectual property whether for commercial or non-commercial use. All rights are hereby clearly being reserved by us.
        2.2. If you wish to make inquiries about a licence to reproduce material from timesofmalta.com or Times of Malta Premium Content, please contact the Webmaster.
    User terms and conditions
        3.1. Users, including both visitors and Premium Content subscribers, are permitted to access and use our services and intellectual property rights available on timesofmalta.com and the Times of Malta Premium Content on your device, as is the main function of the website, subject always that our services may only be used for personal, private and non-commercial use. You must therefore not in any way commercially exploit, or sell any content appearing on the website (excepting any content posted by you and in which you retain intellectual property rights).
        3.2. As indicated above users may access content in timesofmalta.com solely for their own personal, private and non-commercial use. However, there are parts of our services that are only accessible to our subscribed and registered members. To register and subscribe and make full use of our service, follow the subscription terms hereunder.
        3.3. Any third party content included as part of our services, is governed under these terms and conditions or through such third party terms and conditions that will be made known to you as and when they become relevant.
        3.4. As a user of our services you accept that we provide you with advertising and other information, including through our third party affiliates.
        3.5. We exclude any warranty, express or implied, as to the quality, accuracy, timeliness, completeness or fitness for a particular purpose of the website. We will not be liable for any claims, penalties, losses, damages, cost or expenses arising from the use of or inability to use timesofmalta.com and Times of Malta Premium Content or from any unauthorised access to or alteration of timesofmalta.com and Times of Malta Premium Content.
        3.6. We do not warrant that the contents of timesofmalta.com and of the Times of Malta Premium Content are compatible with all computer systems and browsers.
        3.7. The following accounts are our only official and authorised accounts:

        Facebook accounts:
            Times of Malta
            Times Talk
            Pink Magazine
            Word For Word Malta
            Times of Malta Sport
            Times Escape
            Sunday Circle
            Times of Malta Motoring
            Eating and Drinking Magazine
            Times Picture Annual

        Twitter accounts:
            The Times of Malta
            Times Talk
            Times of Malta Sport

        3.8. You may not set up links to timesofmalta.com except to the index page at https://timesofmalta.com without the express written permission of the Webmaster. You may not download or print any content or extracts in a systematic or regular manner or otherwise so as to create a database in electronic or paper form comprising all or part of the content on the website. You may not eproduce, republish, modify, archive, distribute, store, archive or commercially exploit the content without our prior written consent. You may not modify or adapt or create derivative works of the content. You may not utilise links to the website received as part of a paid-for media monitoring service. You may not systematically forward links to this website within a business or outside a business for business purposes. You may not copy or extract data from the website by means of any automatic means or by any manual process that may be used to systematically extract or copy web content.
        3.9. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions for any reason, and to ensure that we remain compliant with any applicable laws and regulations and with any ongoing development to our services. You are therefore advised to check our terms frequently as continued use of the website and our services is acceptance of our terms and conditions as amended and updated.
        3.10. You hereby confirm to us that, with respect to any of your submissions on the website, posts or uploaded content, you own, or have the consent of the owner, to submit, post or upload such content and that such content does not violate any intellectual property rights or any other rights whatsoever of any person. Whilst we do not claim any ownership rights in the content generated by you and consequently you retain all ownership rights to such content, upon submission, posting or uploading of any content on or in connection with our services you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, perpetual, royalty free worldwide licence to use any such content. Any submissions, posts or uploaded content are to conform with applicable comments policy, as updated by us from time to time.
        3.11. Content in the section labelled “Trending Articles” is automatically served to the timesofmalta site via a third-party content recommendation platform. The promoted links in this section, some of which contain advertising material, lead to external websites. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
        3.12. To the extent permitted at law, we do not accept responsibility for any statement in the content appearing on timesofmalta.com or Times of Malta Premium Content. Nothing in the content appearing on timesofmalta.com or Times of Malta Premium Content is provided for any specific purpose or at the request of any particular person. For the purpose of clarification, we will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any loss caused as a result of your doing, or not doing, anything as a result of viewing, reading or listening to the content appearing on timesofmalta.com or Times of Malta premium Content. You can access other sites via links from the timesofmalta.com site, the Times of Malta Premium Content and the section labelled “Trending Articles”. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of its contents.
        3.13. We give no warranties of any kind concerning the timesofmalta.com site or the content appearing on timesofmalta.com or Times of Malta Premium Content. In particular, we do not warrant that the timesofmalta.com site or any of its contents or that of the Times of Malta Premium Content or that of the section labelled “Trending Articles” is virus free. You must take your precautions in this respect as we accept no responsibility for any infection by virus or other contamination or by anything which has destructive properties.
        3.14. Although we will do our best to provide constant, uninterrupted access to the timesofmalta.com site and Times of Malta Premium Content, we do not guarantee this. We accept no responsibility or liability for any interruption or delay.
    Standard subscription terms and conditions

    The below are our standard subscription terms and conditions that govern your subscription to Times of Malta Premium.
        4.1. As a subscriber to any of the Times of Malta Premium services, you hereby accept, in addition to our general terms and conditions, to be bound by these standard subscription terms and conditions of use that govern your Times of Malta Premium subscription.
        4.2. On the registration page for the subscription you will need to indicate your acceptance to be bound by these standard subscription terms and conditions by checking the relative box. If you do not agree to be bound by the standard subscription terms and conditions you should not check the box but you will not be able to proceed with the registration process for the subscription and become a Times of Malta Premium subscriber. Moreover, upon agreeing to the standard subscription terms and conditions, you will also be confirming that your application for the Times of Malta Premium is for your own personal use and not for any commercial purposes.
        4.3. Subscription to the Times of Malta Premium includes access to our premium content. It will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both the Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta) and have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, with a daily download limit of 300 pages per day.
        4.4. Changes to the standard subscription terms and conditions
        We may change the terms of our standard subscription terms and conditions at any time to ensure our continued compliance with current applicable laws and regulations. Additionally, changes may also occur as we strive to improve our services and enhance your experience when using our services. You will be notified of the changes in writing or electronically (including without limitation, by email or by posting a notice on the Service that the terms have been "updated" or similar words). The changes also will be displayed in this document, which you can access at any time by going to the Terms and Conditions link. Using our services after the aforementioned changes are implemented signifies that you agree to be bound by such changes made to this agreement.
        4.5. Privacy and your subscription account
        Registration data and other information, which you provided are subject to our Privacy Policy. Your information may be stored and processed in Malta. When registering for the subscription, you must not use a false name or email, you must not provide false information, and you may not impersonate another person. If you access any of our services using a password, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of that password. If you provide someone else with access to a service by providing them your password, they will have the ability to view information about your account and make changes to such account, through the website.
        You agree to notify us promptly if you change your address or email so we can continue to contact you and send any notices that may be required in line with our standard subscription terms and conditions. If you fail to notify us promptly of a change, then any notice we send to your old address or email shall be deemed sufficient notice.
        4.6. Registration and Acceptance
        To register and subscribe to Times of Malta Premium you must be 18 years or over.
        All subscriptions are subject to acceptance by us. We will send you an e-mail that confirms acceptance of your subscription application (the ‘Subscription Confirmation’). The contractual relationship between us will only be formed when we send you the Subscription Confirmation but our obligation to provide the Subscription services will not come into effect until and unless the payment is validated.

        This service is an instant access service, thus, upon validation of payment, your access to the Times of Malta Premium content will start immediately.

        If you order subscription services from our site for use outside Malta, you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country in which such services are used. Any breach on your behalf of any laws and regulations of the country where such services are used are your sole and exclusive responsibility and you are hereby expressly excluding us and indemnifying us from and against any liability whatsoever.
        4.7. Fees and Payments
        When you register for the subscription, the price of your subscription will be as indicated on the website and will be for the period of time indicated in the respective subscription form. All fees are inclusive of 18% VAT. Your payment will then be processed through our payment gateway service administered by third parties with whom we have a contractual relationship, which serve to validate your payment.
        Upon registration for subscription and upon payment, you are therefore giving your consent that your credit card details may be accessed by the payment gateway service provider for the purposes of the validation of payment.
        To enable your subscription, you should provide valid credit card details, and to enable us to ascertain card verification, an amount of €0.01 will be preauthorized by yourself. The accepted payment method is through MasterCard and Visa credit cards or Bank of Valletta plc debit cards. Additional charges may apply to credit card payments but we are not responsible for these additional charges that your bank may apply. Subscription fees will be billed in advance at the beginning of your subscription or on every automatic renewal. Unless we state in writing otherwise, all fees and charges are nonrefundable.
        We may change the fees and charges then in effect, or add new fees or charges, or vary the term of the subscription by giving you thirty days (30) notice in advance. You are entitled to terminate your Subscription in line with this Agreement within the duration of the notice period.
    Cancellation and Automatic Renewal
        5.1. Your subscription will continue indefinitely and renew automatically, unless it is cancelled in accordance with our standard subscription terms and conditions.
        5.2. For all subscriptions, you must cancel your subscription before it renews and therefore before your next billing date in order to avoid billing of subscription fees for the following renewal term. The onus is upon you to cancel your subscription before the due date if you do not wish to renew. You may cancel your subscription by entering your account settings. We do not accept any other form of cancellations. If you choose to cancel your subscription, you will continue enjoying the subscription until the expiry date of that renewal.
    Voluntary Contributions

    ANL would like to offer the opportunity to its readers and supporters to make a financial contribution and thereby help it support its content and editorial operations.
        6.1. Granting of Contributions
        By making a contribution on the Times of Malta's Contributions page, you agree and acknowledge that such contribution was made voluntarily and that the contribution is provided to us as an irrevocable gift, subject to our right to return any contribution at our discretion.

        The contribution will be used by ANL to support its media operations.
        6.2. Recurring or One-Off Contribution Payments
        You may elect to pay your contribution either as a one-off payment or on a recurring monthly basis.

        Recurring contribution amounts cannot be changed without cancellation.

        You must provide us with complete and accurate payment information at the time you agree to pay a contribution. Payment for your contribution can be made by credit or debit card.

        If you choose to pay monthly contributions, your payments will be taken automatically on a recurring basis and your recurring contribution will continue unless and until it is ended by either ANL or the contributor at any given time in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.5 below (Cancellations).

        6.3. Conditions for Contributing
        Contributions will be accepted from individuals as well as any other legal entities.

        Contributors who are individuals must be aged 18 or over. All other contributors must be incorporated, established and/or registered in terms of law.

        The maximum single contribution from any one contributor shall be of € 2,000.
        6.4. Administration of Contributions
        All contributions to ANL shall only be made through the contributions page on https://timesofmalta.com/donations.. Contributions will be accepted by ANL for the period during which the page is running.

        Contributions received by ANL will be deposited in one or more bank accounts in the name of ANL. Each contribution will be identifiable by a unique identification number and accounted for separately by ANL.

        From the moment the contribution is processed, ANL will be legally and beneficially entitled to the full amount of the contribution and the contributor has no entitlement to the return of a contribution in any circumstances other than as specified in these Terms and Conditions.

        The contributor shall receive no benefit in return for any contribution and shall have no rights to influence ANL.

        Contributions to ANL are not charitable donations under the Laws of Malta and, as far as ANL is aware, contributors shall not be entitled to any tax relief in respect of their contributions nor are any contributions eligible for “gift aid” either in Malta or in any other jurisdiction worldwide.

        6.5. Cancellation
        ANL reserves the right to refuse and return any contribution in its absolute discretion, including without limitation where it believes that accepting the contribution would be a conflict of interest to ANL, and/or where, having regard to the source of the contribution or intentions of the contributor, ANL considers that to accept the contribution could damage the independence or reputation of ANL or adversely affect the relationship of ANL with other contributors.

        Any refused and/or returned contributions shall be repaid into the account from which the contribution was made.

        Recurring contributions can be cancelled at any time by sending an e-mail to support@timesofmalta.com.

        Cancellation requests, whether made by ANL or the contributor, shall be confirmed by ANL within 5 business days.

        6.6. Confidentiality and Publicity of Contributions
        Contributors shall not be entitled to publicise their contribution or otherwise market themselves or any connected person or business in connection with their contribution, except with the prior written consent of ANL and provided that the contributor complies with any relevant policies, procedures or requirements that ANL may provide.
        6.7. Data Protection
        Any personal information about a contributor obtained by ANL as a result of a contribution being made will not be disclosed and shall only be processed and used in accordance with the Times of Malta Privacy Statement, available at https://timesofmalta.com/privacypolicy. By making a contribution, the contributor accepts the terms and conditions of the privacy policy.
        6.8. Liability
        Neither ANL nor any of its affiliated companies and/or brands and/or individuals, employee, agent, officer or director shall be liable for any loss suffered by any contributor or other person arising out of or in connection with a contribution, whether direct or indirect, including loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savings, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, except in respect of any liability for death or personal injury or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
        6.9. Queries relating to Contributions
        If you have a query or complaint about your contribution, please contact us using the contact details below:

        Email: support@timesofmalta.com
        Tel: +356 227 64 336
    Additional Terms and Conditions
        7.1 Default in Payment
        If you default in one payment that has become due, we reserve the right to cancel your subscription immediately without notice and without prejudice to our right to recover from you any outstanding amount due by you to us.
        7.2. Limitations on Use
        Only one individual may access a subscribed service at the same time using the same user name or password, unless we agree otherwise.
        7.3. Intellectual Property Rights
        The text, graphics, images, video, and other data, design, organisation, compilation, look and feel, advertising and all other related protected intellectual property, available through the subscription are our property or the property of our advertisers and/or licensors, and are protected by the Laws of Malta. All rights are hereby reserved. Thus, unless you have our written consent, you may not sell, publish, distribute, retransmit or otherwise provide access to the any of the content received through the subscription to anyone.
        7.4. Advertising and Sponsorship
        You accept to receive advertising material and acknowledge that advertisers are solely responsible for ensuring that material submitted on the website or on any of the services is in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. We are not responsible for any such third party material and any issues which you may have in connection with any advertising material should be reported to the relevant advertiser.
        7.5. Events beyond our reasonable control
        We will not be held liable for any issue and problems that give rise to temporary interruptions from the use of our services arising from factors beyond our control, such as, but not limited to, traffic congestion on the internet.

        Additionally, we will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control including reasons of Force Majeure which shall include any default due to an act of God, war, or threatened war, act of terrorism or threatened act of terrorism, strike, lockout, industrial action, health epidemic or pandemic, fire, flood, drought, tempest or other event beyond the control of either party. Our performance under this Agreement is deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force Majeure Event continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the Fo rce Majeure Event.
        7.6. Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitation on Liability
        You agree that your access to, and use of any of our services and the content and tools available through the subscription is on an as-is basis, and although we endeavor to provide the most optimal service, we hereby specifically disclaim any representation or warranties, express or implied that all information is completely accurate and complete, taking also into account that some of the information is provided by third parties. It is therefore your responsibility to verify that any information is accurate. We are moreover not responsible for any losses or damage, whether direct or indirect, resulting from use of our services or from any content posted on or through our services and even if such losses result from a deliberate breach of these terms by us that would entitle you to terminate your subscription agreement between us. In any event, any liability as a result of us breaking any of these terms is strictly limited to the charges you have paid (if any) for the subscription services.
        7.7. No waiver
        If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
        7.8. Assignment
        You may not transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of any of your rights or obligations arising from your subscription with us for Times of Malta Premium, without our prior written consent. For the avoidance of doubt, you are not permitted to sell on or transfer the benefit of your subscription services to third parties. We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of any of our rights or obligations arising under your subscription.
    Governing Law and Jurisdiction
        8.1. The terms and conditions and standard subscription terms and conditions are governed by the Laws of Malta. The Maltese courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute relating to these terms and conditions.

        8.2. If any part or provision is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity of any other part or provision.
    Competition Terms & Conditions
        9.1. These terms and conditions apply to all competitions that may be featured on this website or in any of our publications including the Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta. In case of conflict between these rules and such specific directions and/or competition specific terms and conditions, these terms and conditions shall prevail.
        9.2. ANL may cancel or amend any competition, competition information, or these terms and conditions without prior notice. Any changes will be posted either within the competition information or these terms and conditions.
        9.3.1. Competition Entry
        Competitions are open to all residents of Malta and Gozo aged 18 years or over. Proof of eligibility must be provided on request. Written parental/guardian consent is required where a competition states that participants may be under the age of 18.
        9.3.2. Employees and agents of ANL or any associated company as well as any company connected with the sponsorship of a competition or any of their associated companies are not eligible to take part in the applicable competition, nor are their relatives or members of their families or households.
        9.3.3. The opening and closing dates and times for entries are as indicated in the competition information. Any entries received before the opening and after the closing of the competition will be invalid and will not be entered into the competition.
        9.3.4. By entering the competition entrants warrant that all information submitted by them is true, current, and complete. Entrants also warrant that they are the copyright owners of any copyright works submitted, e.g. photographs and drawings, and ANL’s use or publication of such works will not infringe the rights of any third party.
        9.3.5. Any limit on the number of entries a person or household may make will be clearly stated in the competition information. Entries received that exceed this limit will be invalid and will not be entered into the competition.
        9.3.6. ANL, its agents and/or associated companies and/or subsidiaries involved in the competition will not accept responsibility or liability for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation, theft, destruction, alteration of, or unauthorised access to entries, or entries lost or delayed in any way whatsoever.
        9.3.7. Any entries which are incomplete, incorrect, incomprehensible, or not received by ANL will be void.
        9.3.8. In the event of any fault, mistake, misunderstanding or dispute concerning the correctness or acceptability of the entry or any answers given by entrants (if applicable), or the operation of any part of the competition (in the case of postal entries, a postal strike for example), network or phone system, the decision of ANL shall be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
        9.3.9. ANL will not be liable to reimburse expenses incurred in making an entry in any competition. Where ANL decides in its sole discretion that an entrant is eligible for a refund, eligibility for refunds will be notified to relevant entrants. ANL reserves the right to refuse to refund where it suspects dishonest or fraudulent conduct on the sender’s part or where the entrant has not complied with the rules of the competition.
        9.4.1. Prizes
        The prize is as specified in the competition information.
        9.4.2. The process for determining the winner of the prize is as indicated in the competition information. Where the winner is randomly selected from all correct and valid entries, the draw for the winner will take place within the stipulated number of days of the date on which the competition closes.
        9.4.3. Prize draw prizes will be awarded in accordance with the laws of chance. Any competition requiring a subjective assessment in the selection of winning entries will be judged by ANL or as indicated in the competition information and, if required by law or regulation, an independent judge or a panel including one member who is independent of the competition’s promoters and intermediaries.
        9.4.4. Should more prizes be claimed than are available for any reason, a simple prize draw will take place for the available prize(s).
        9.4.5. ANL will attempt to notify the winner within two days after the closing date of the competition, or as otherwise indicated in the competition information. The winner will be contacted on the contact information provided when entering the competition. The winner will have a specified fixed time period in which to claim his or her prize. If ANL is unable to notify the winner, or if the winner fails to respond within the fixed time period as specified and/or provide an address for delivery of the prize, this may result in forfeiture of the prize and ANL reserves the right to select an alternative winner in accordance with these terms and conditions and the competition information.
        9.4.6. ANL may in its sole discretion refuse to provide a prize, or seek its recovery, in the event of non-entitlement under these terms or an entrant’s breach of these terms, ANL’s website terms of use, fraud, dishonesty, or other inappropriate or improper conduct.
        9.4.7. Any entrant who enters or attempts to enter the competition in a manner, which in ANL’s determination is contrary to these terms and conditions or by its nature is unfair to other entrants may be removed from the competition at ANL’s sole discretion.
        9.4.8. ANL reserves the right to modify, cancel, terminate or suspend the competition in whole or in part, at its sole discretion, if it believes the competition is not capable of being conducted as specified in these terms and conditions or due to unauthorised human intervention or any other cause that is beyond the reasonable control of ANL.
        9.4.9. ANL reserves the right at its sole discretion to withhold delivery of the prize until proof of eligibility and identity of the winner has been confirmed or if such proof is not produced on request or to disqualify the entrant from the competition.
        9.4.10. ANL shall attempt to deliver the prize to the winner within five days from the date of the draw, unless otherwise specified to the winner. Delivery restrictions may apply. No cash equivalent (where applicable) or alternative prize will be given and the prize is non-transferable and non-exchangeable. However, ANL reserves the right to change the prize due to circumstances beyond its control or to offer an alternative of similar value.
        9.5.1. Data Protection
        Identity and contact information, such as the name and surname and postal address of the entrant (“personal data”) which is provided by entrants when they enter will be processed by ANL and their suppliers and contractors in order to administer the competition.
        9.5.2. By submitting their personal data, the entrant agrees to ANL processing those details in accordance with the purposes made known the entrant at the time of collection and in accordance with ANL’s Privacy Statement.
        9.6.1. Liability
        ANL accepts no liability for any competition which has been sponsored by a third party and such third party is responsible for its fulfilment.
        9.7.1. Standard Terms
        In the event that any entrant does not, or is unable to, comply with and meet these terms and conditions and the competition information, ANL shall be entitled at its sole discretion to disqualify such entrant, without any further liability to such entrant. In these circumstances, any prize(s) won by the entrant may be forfeited and ANL reserves the right to reclaim any prize(s) already distributed to the entrant. Any entrant must comply with any directions given to him or her by ANL including but not limited to any and all relevant laws, rules and applicable regulatory codes.
        9.7.2 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, these Terms and Conditions shall otherwise remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with their terms as if the invalid or illegal provision were not contained herein.
        9.7.3 The promoter of the competition is Allied Newspapers Limited of Times of Malta, Triq l-Intornjatur, Imrieħel.
        9.7.4 These terms and conditions were last updated on December 28, 2018.


